Update scenario management overview from develop (#571)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_01/step_01.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_01.py" download>Step 1</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

# Configuration and execution

*Estimated Time for Completion: 15 minutes; Difficulty Level: Beginner*

> Before looking at some code examples, let’s define some basic terms Taipy Core uses. Taipy Core revolves around three major concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before looking into code examples, let's establish some basic terms that Taipy Core relies on. Taipy Core is centered around three key concepts.
```

## Three fundamental concepts in Taipy:

> - [**Data Node**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/data-node.md): is the translation of a _variable_ in Taipy. Data Nodes know how to retrieve any type of data. They can refer to: any Python object (string, int, list, dict, model, data frame, etc.), a Pickle file, a CSV file, a SQL database, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Data Node**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/data-node.md): represents a variable in Taipy. 
Data Nodes possess the knowledge to fetch various types of data. They can point to any Python object 
(such as a string, integer, list, dictionary, model, data frame, etc.), a Pickle file, a CSV file, a SQL database, and more.
```

- [**Task**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/task.md): is the expression of a _function_ in Taipy.

> - [**Scenarios**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/scenario.md): is an instance of your pipelines. End-users often require modifying various parameters to reflect different business situations. Taipy Scenarios provide the framework to "run"/"execute" pipelines under different conditions/variations (i.e., data/parameters modified by the end-user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Scenarios**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/scenario.md): are instances of your pipelines. 
End-users often need to adjust various parameters to accommodate various business scenarios. 
Taipy Scenarios offers the framework for "running"/"executing" pipelines under different conditions 
or variations (such as data or parameters modified by the end-user).
```

## What is a configuration?

> A [**configuration**](../../../../manuals/core/config/index.md) is a structure to define scenarios. It represents our Direct Acyclic Graph(s); it models the data sources, parameters, and tasks. Once defined, a configuration acts like a superclass; it is used to generate different instances of scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [**configuration**](../../../../manuals/core/config/index.md) is a structure used to define scenarios. 
It serves as the blueprint for our Directed Acyclic Graph(s) and models the data sources, parameters, and tasks. 
After being defined, a configuration functions like a superclass and is employed to generate various instances of scenarios.
```

Let's create our first configuration. For this, we have two alternatives:

- Using Taipy Studio

- Or directly coding in Python.

> Let’s consider the simplest possible pipeline: a single function taking two inputs: a dataset and a date to forecast and generate a prediction for the chosen date. See below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Think about the most basic pipeline: one function that needs two things to work – some data and a date. It uses these to predict something for that date. Look below for more details:
```
